as I'm looking out the window and I see
all the snow it depresses me so much I
need a minute here pinkie nose its Lucy
and if there is one thing I absolutely
hate it is winter I absolutely despise
the season of winter I don't understand
who love winter why why why do you love
winter that is so weird winter is the
most terrible thing in the whole entire
world for me it is freezing it is cold
it is disgusting i despise it ah I'm
filming this on Wednesday and yesterday
we had a blizzard in the wonderful state
of Rhode Island that I live in it sucks
i hate it i really would move and every
single winter i always end up looking at
houses in the south because i want to
move there where there is no snow
there's no cold one season all year
round maybe too because summer gets
really hot how wonderful would that be
honestly but no inner end we have all
four seasons and some people love that I
don't not a fan not loving it hate it I
literally do not understand people who
enjoy winter because it is freezing cold
why would you want to go outside and 300
layers of clothes when you could go out
with simply one in the summer it's so
much nicer so there is so much better
compared to winter and yet there's
people out there in this world who are
like yeah winter is great some are not a
fan what why mmm besides it being really
cold outside it's also extremely dark in
the morning which I don't know about you
guys but I hate getting ready for school
in general and never mind waking up and
having it pitch black and then I have to
get ready in the morning and it's cold
when I wake up so I'm like just
shivering under my blankets not looking
forward to the day it's awful I hate
hate hate hate cold dark weather also
known as winter weather and speaking of
school during winter we still have
school and it makes it all the more
miserable because it's the middle of the
year and everything sucks there's a
bunch of exams and no fun full pressure
um it's cold it's miserable don't look
forward to it I mean I certainly don't
look forward to school in the summer
either but it's certainly much better to
go in the summer fall spring for
then in like 30 degree or less feather
another thing i hate about 12 is it's so
dangerous and everything is slippery
it's all ice over no everywhere when we
have snow days and stuff people act like
it's the best thing in the whole entire
world but guess what you can't go
anywhere because roads are closed the
other thing with snow days is you have
to make them up in the summer when you
could be swimming in a pool and sleeping
in till noon and doing whatever the heck
you want and you're in school and it's
Ventura it's also terrible because my
school has like no heat whatsoever so
all the rooms are freezing cold and
whenever it starts snowing there's
always that one kid that one freaking
kid who points in he's like oh hai na
one out how do you live in New England
you know what snow looks like like we
can see that it's snowing out do you
really need to tell that to us basically
if you couldn't tell from all this I
really hate winter with a burning
passion I am heated throughout this
whole entire video there were issue of
that said summer with good purpose
because I love summer and I love
everything about it and guess what its
gonna feel like summer in a week when i
am in florida ready for playlist live
any of you guys are going to play the
five be sure to tell me tweet me and
i'll follow you back on twitter I'll DM
you we can make a place to me because I
really want to meet all of you I've
never met subscribers before I really
want to really bad I'm like really
really really jittery throughout this
whole entire video and I don't know why
I really didn't have any sugar today I'm
jittery okay um though I've probably not
just my person to this video so I'm
gonna call it quits and I'm gonna say
thank you guys for watching i love you
guys so much if you enjoyed this video
or if you agree with me be sure to give
a thumbs up actually even if you didn't
agree with me still give it a thumbs up
because that helps me out a lot comment
down below if you were going to playlist
live in florida and like i said be sure
to follow me on twitter and tweet me
that you're going and i'll follow you
back and we can arrange a place to me or
something I don't know so comment down
below what your favorite and least
favorite seasons are I'm sorry if you
love winter because I just questioned
why you love winter a lot please do tell
me if you love winter why you love
winter
I'm gonna go so thank you guys so much
for watching be sure to LIKE and
subscribe I will see you guys next week
babe now pose for your mug shot